hello once more I'm Nick Sanchez ever
since I've been voicing all the Looney
Tunes major characters
I am almost what most people are
referring to me as the new Mel Blanc but
today I'll be trying to voice it for
some of the secondary characters of the
Looney Tunes gang first up slowpoke
Rodriguez
my name is slowpoke Rodriguez I am the
slowest mouse in all of Mexico
next up born your dog this clocks off
were willing in and now Henry hawk I'm a
chicken up and I only need some chicken
like father like son here's my
impression of Sylvester jr. how can I
face my friends what the father who
can't catch a single Mouse
for shame up next Cecil turtle clean
living food clean livin I told you that
rabbits are very bully
and now here's Becky Buzzard yeah that's
rude horrible vicious bird of prey up
next it's Hugo the abominable snowman oh
boy your bully just what you always
wanted a cute little body rabbit I will
hug him that squeeze it and Stroke him
and cuddle him and sing to him a goal of
George dude and now hear the voices of
McIntosh the goofy Gophers you know a
caribou simply terrible and now Hubie
and Bertie hey Point ready to go yeah
yeah sure sure riot and now Pappy and
Elvis buzzards who wants a hedgehog or
two anyhow have some black-eyed peas all
this but they don't even look like black
eyed peas Pappy
take another boy they sure look
black-eyed Pappy and now Ralphie wolf
and Sam sheepdog more Ralph Lauren Sam
good eye Ralph
see you tomorrow Sam and last and most
certainly least charlie dog now listen
did you ever see a boy retrieve a dog
look cool it's nothing and yet and may
you see one of the finest pointers that
ever lived now get all of this there it
is there it is there it is there it is
there is well that's about all I can do
I hope you enjoy listening to my loony
toony impressions
it's my fondest dream that's Sunday
Warner Bros will take me in as the new
male blank until then